# Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles

Contains a Jupyter notebook demonstrating how to compare kraken reports across multiple samples for a specified taxonomic rank. The analysis demonstrates how to:

+ Generate and save a combined taxon count table for a particular taxonomic rank.
+ Create and save stacked barplots showing relative or absolute abundances of taxa across samples.
+ **NEW:** Create and save heatmaps showing relative abundances of taxa across samples.
+ Perform analyses at different taxonomic ranks (strains, species, genera, families, etc.)
+ **NEW:** Plot the percentage of reads assigned across taxonomic ranks.
+ **NEW:** Plot the number of unique taxa assigned across taxonomic ranks.

To see the completed analysis, you can click and view the [**Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.html**](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/PacificBiosciences/pb-metagenomics-tools/blob/master/pb-metagenomics-scripts/Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles/Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.html) file, or download and open the `Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.html` file with a web browser.


## Contents <a name="TOP"></a>

+ `Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.html`: An html version of the Jupyter notebook, which shows step-by-step results. To see the rendered version, click [**here**](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/PacificBiosciences/pb-metagenomics-tools/blob/master/pb-metagenomics-scripts/Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles/Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.html).
+ `Compare-kreport-taxonomic-profiles.ipynb`: A clean version of the above notebook that can be downloaded and used for your own analysis.
+ `inputs/`: Contains the four kreport files needed to reproduce the analysis.
+ `outputs/`: Contains the output tables and figures generated by the analysis.

---------------

### DISCLAIMER
THIS WEBSITE AND CONTENT AND ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY DATA, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ALL SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR APPLICATIONS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ANY REFERENCES TO SPECIFIC PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE WEBSITES DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES.
